Updates for Alexandria (#72)
Joystream/helpdesk: README.md

Click `My Keys` in the sidebar, and then click the `Add account` button. The choices you make from here depend to a certain degree on how you intend to participate. If you just want to play around, you can just follow the recommended defaults. If you have a specific role in mind, you might want to follow the links to the instructions in the header, or access them via [Active Roles](#active-roles).

In any event, the `Keys` will be stored in your browser storage for your convenience, but it's safest to save your `Raw seed` (you need it for certain roles) and save the .json file. The `Mnemonic` can also be used to restore your `Keys`, but keeping the .json file somewhere safe is recommended, as it is the preferred format used to import your key in to certain tools, such as the [CLI](/tools/cli).

## Get a Membership
To become a `Member` of the platform, you will need some tokens. The `faucet` is closed at the moment due to abuse from Sybil attackers. Currently, the only way to get tokens is to join our [Telegram group](https://t.me/JoyStreamOfficial) and ask for some there. This group is also a great place to get support and discuss Joystream with other community members.

**Note:**

> ~All transactions (extrinsics) cost 1 tJOY token, so you should always keep a little in reserve, as this also applies to such actions as voting, unstaking, and posting in the new [forum](https://testnet.joystream.org/#/forum).~ There are currently no fees associated with most transactions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are currently no fees associated with most transactions, but some parts of the Pioneer will still require you to have at least 1 tJOY to allow you to initiate it.
```

> -   At launch, the token issuance will be set/calculated, and an initial fiat pool will be created to back it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   At launch of a new network, the token issuance will be migrated from the previous network, and the existing fiat pool will be "transferred" to the new network.
```

> -   Each week, an amount of USD will be added to fiat pool, thus increasing the value of each token, if one were to assume the issuance would stay the constant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   For each Council Term (currently 2 weeks), an amount of USD will be added to fiat pool, thus increasing the value of each token, if one were to assume the issuance would stay the constant.
```

-   However, all roles on the platform will be compensated by newly minted tJOY tokens, effectively inflating the supply.

> -   In addition to a weekly replenishment, a set of Council KPIs (Key Performance Indicators), will be set by us, to ensure the network is working as intended.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   In addition to the recurring replenishment, a set of Council KPIs (Key Performance Indicators), will be set by us, to ensure the network is working as intended.
```

  - The total amount awarded is independent of the number of active `Validators`. This means that the individual tJOY reward is the total reward divided by the number of `Validators` in the last `era`.
- The total supply of tJOY
  - The rewards for `Validators` are calculated as a percentage of the total tJOY issuance.
- The ratio of tokens at stake for the `Validator` set compared to the total token issuance on the network
  - By summing up the stake of the individual `Validators` and their `Nominators`, you get the total amount at stake.
  - Divide by the tJOY issuance and you get the ratio.
  - The ideal number (for the `Validators`) is 25%.
  - If this number is higher or lower, than 25%, the rewards "drop off"

> The rewards for the last `era` will show up as an event, and can be seen in the [explorer](https://testnet.joystream.org/#/explorer), if you keep a window open. Fairly precise estimates can be found using the [tokenomics spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/13Bf7VQ7-W4CEdTQ5LQQWWC7ef3qDU4qRKbnsYtgibGU/edit?usp=sharing).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The rewards for the last `era` will show up as an event, and can be seen in the [explorer](https://testnet.joystream.org/#/explorer), if you keep a window open. Fairly precise estimates can be found on the [Tokenomics page](https://testnet.joystream.org/#/tokenomics) in Pioneer, or (in most cases) by looking at the "last reward" in [here](https://testnet.joystream.org/#/staking/targets).
```

If you want to exchange your tokens, you need to unbond them first. Check the guide for instructions on how to do this.

A change to note introduced in the Alexandria testnet is the fact that payouts to validators are no longer paid automatically.
However, you have two weeks to claim your rewards, so, for example, if you forget for 15 days, you'll only "lose" a day of earnings. 
(Also, anyone can claim for anyone, so a nominator will not suffer if the validator forgets)

## Council Members

<p align="center"><img src="img/councilmembers.svg" width="500"></p>

### Description

`Council Members` are elected by the stakeholders in the system to act in the long-term interest of the platform. The `Council` is responsible for allocating resources, and hiring executive personnel to run the platform's day-to-day operations.

> An overview of the proposal system can be found [here](/proposals)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An overview of the proposal system can be found [here](/proposals).
```
